fix: openid credential issuer discovery example (#100)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/pid-eaa-issuance.rst

Below a detailed description for each step represented in the previous picture:

    0. **Wallet Instance Setup**: the first time the Wallet Instance is started a preliminary setup phase MUST be carried out. It consists of the release of a verifiable proof issued by the Attestation Service provided by the Wallet Provider that asserts the genuineness, the authenticity and the compliance with a trust framework of the Wallet Instance. The verifiable proof binds a public key corresponding to a local private key generated by the Wallet Instance. 

>     1. **Obtaining the trusted PID Provider**: the Wallet Instance discovers the trusted PID Provider, eg: `https://trust-anchor.eudi.wallet.developers.italia.it/list?entity_type=openid_credential_issuer` and then inspects the metadata looking to the availability of the PID credential. 

Author: Following @rohe suggestions

Obtaining the trusted PID Provider has these steps:

- Use the federation list interface with a query like what you specify: `https://trust-anchor.eudi.wallet.developers.italia.it/list?entity_type=openid_credential_issuer`

- Then for each of the entity_ids returned collect their metadata and look for what ? credentials_supported:credential_definition:type == ??

@fmarino-ipzs I think that we should specify in the second point the domestic PID namespace used for discovering the credential availability upon a specific issuer

Reviewer: In the PID Provider Metadata we have `credential_supported:credential_definition:type=PersonIdentificationData`.

Reviewer: Anyway, I think that it is better to add a new section describing the discovery phase, with some non-normative examples, for the sake of readability. What do you think? This is a high-level view I wouldn't go into details here.

Author: Yes, I agree

>     1. **Obtaining the trusted PID Provider**: the Wallet Instance discovers the trusted PID Provider, eg: `https://trust-anchor.eudi.wallet.developers.italia.it/list?entity_type=openid_credential_issuer` and then inspects the metadata looking to the availability of the PID credential. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. **Obtaining the trusted PID Provider**: the Wallet Instance discovers the trusted PID Provider at the Subordinate Listing Endpoint of the Trust Anchor, and then inspects the metadata looking for the availability of the PID credential. 
```
